Human experimentation and medical malpractice:
MKULTRA:
Three members of Congress are demanding answers after a St. Louis scholar's new book revealed details of secret Cold War-era U.S. government testing in which countless unsuspecting people, including many children, pregnant women and minorities, were fed, sprayed or injected with radiation and other dangerous materials... St. Louis leaders were told at the time that the government was testing a smoke screen that could shield the city from aerial observation in case of Soviet attack. Evidence now shows radioactive material, not just zinc cadmium sulfide, was part of that spraying, Martino-Taylor said.  ... (
A government report provides for the first time a comprehensive official history of Britain's biological weapons trials between 1940 and 1979. The 60-page report reveals new information about more than 100 covert experiments. Between 1955 and 1963 planes flew from north-east England to the tip of Cornwall along the south and west coasts, dropping huge amounts of zinc cadmium sulphide on the population. The report also reveals details of the DICE trials in south Dorset between 1971 and 1975. These involved US and UK military scientists spraying into the air massive quantities of serratia marcescens bacteria, with an anthrax simulant and phenol. Between 1961 and 1968 more than a million people along the south coast of England, from Torquay to the New Forest, were exposed to bacteria including e.coli and bacillus globigii.
In the mid-1950s, and again a decade later, the Army used motorized blowers atop a low-income housing high-rise, at schools and from the backs of station wagons to send zinc cadmium sulfide into the already-hazy air in predominantly black areas of St. Louis. Local officials were told at the time that the government was testing a smoke screen that could shield St. Louis from aerial observation in case the Russians attacked. But in 1994, the government said the tests were part of a biological weapons program and St. Louis was chosen because it bore some resemblance to Russian cities that the U.S. might attack. The material being sprayed was zinc cadmium sulfide, a fine fluorescent powder.
Government tested AIDS drugs on foster kids. Children not provided with basic legal protection, review finds. Government-funded researchers tested AIDS drugs on hundreds of foster children over the past two decades, often without providing them a basic protection afforded in federal law and required by some states, an Associated Press review has found. The research funded by the National Institutes of Health spanned the country. It was most widespread in the 1990s as foster care agencies sought treatments for their HIV-infected children that weren’t yet available in the marketplace. The research was conducted in at least seven states — Illinois, Louisiana, Maryland, New York, North Carolina, Colorado and Texas — and involved more than four dozen different studies. The foster children ranged from infants to late teens, according to interviews and government records.
New York's HIV experiment- HIV positive children and their loved ones have few rights if they choose to battle with social work authorities in New York City. Jacklyn Hoerger's job was to treat children with HIV at a New York children's home. But nobody had told her that the drugs she was administering were experimental and highly toxic. We were told that if they were vomiting, if they lost their ability to walk, if they were having diarrhoea, if they were dying, then all of this was because of their HIV infection. In fact it was the drugs that were making the children ill and the children had been enrolled on the secret trials without their relatives' or guardians' knowledge. As Jacklyn would later discover, those who tried to take the children off the drugs risked losing them into care.
Over and over again, the military has conducted dangerous biowarfare experiments on Americans.
The U.S. Army recently released logs of thousands of experiments conducted at Dugway Proving Ground dating back to the Cold War, providing a glimpse at what the highly secure testing facility has been up to. Some military tests involved human exposure to biological and chemical agents. They loaded up mosquitos with what they said was an inert disease, an inert bacteria, an inert virus and actually released that on civilian populations in the United States, he said.archive)
From a news report in 1977: The Army disclosed yesterday that it secretly conducted 239 germ warfare tests in open air between 1949 and 1969, some tests releasing live but supposedly harmless microscopic bugs at Washington's Greyhound bus terminal and National Airport as part of the experiment. The idea, according to a two-volume report the Army gave to the senate health subcommittee yesterday, was to learn how to wage biological warfare and defend against it... Washington was one of five cities where the Army released simulated lethal germs in public places. Other cities where the public served as unknowing guinea pigs were New York, San Francisco, Key West and panama City, Fla. All told, the Army listed 27 times that it tested simulated toxins on public property, including releasing spores in two tunnels on a stretch of Pennsylvania Turnpike. In addition to those experiments in public places, the Army secretary used military personnel and their families for open air experiments by spraying simulated germs into the air at a number of bases, including Fort Detrick, Md.; Fort Belvoir, Va.; and the Marine training school at Quantico, Va.
U.S. Admits Bio-Weapons Tests- The tests included releasing deadly nerve agents in Alaska and spraying bacteria over Hawaii, according to the documents obtained Tuesday. The United States also tested nerve agents in Canada and Britain in conjunction with those two countries, and biological and chemical weapons in at least two other states, Maryland and Florida. The Pentagon released records earlier this year showing that chemical and biological agents had been sprayed on ships at sea. The military reimbursed ranchers and agreed to stop open-air nerve agent testing at its main chemical weapons center in the Utah desert after about 6,400 sheep died when nerve gas drifted away from the test range... Earlier this year, the Defense Department acknowledged for the first time that some of the 1960s tests used real chemical and biological weapons, not just benign stand-ins... Some of those involved in the tests say they now suffer health problems linked to their exposure to dangerous chemicals and germs. The Defense Department has identified nearly 3,000 soldiers involved in tests disclosed earlier, but the VA has sent letters to fewer than half of them. VA and Pentagon officials acknowledged at a July hearing that finding the soldiers has been difficult.
U.S. secretly tested carcinogen in Western Canada during the Cold War, researcher finds. The Pentagon never told the Canadian government that it would be spraying a chemical on Winnipeg and two Alberta towns.
Operation LAC (Large Area Coverage) was a U.S. Army Chemical Corps operation which dispersed microscopic zinc cadmium sulfide (ZnCdS) particles over much of the United States. The purpose was to determine the dispersion and geographic range of biological or chemical agents. Principally, the operation involved spraying large areas with zinc cadmium sulfide.[2] The U.S. Air Force loaned the Army a C-119, Flying Boxcar, and it was used to disperse zinc cadmium sulfide by the ton in the atmosphere over the United States.
From 1955 to 1972, Army doctors gave soldier 'volunteers' synthetic marijuana, LSD and two dozen other psychoactive drugs during experiments aimed at developing chemical weapons that could incapacitate enemy soldiers.
Beginning on September 26, 1950, the crew of a U.S. Navy minesweeper ship spent six days spraying Serratia marcescens into the air about two miles off the northern California coast. The project was called “Operation Sea Spray,” and its aim was to determine the susceptibility of a big city like San Francisco to a bioweapon attack by terrorists. In the following days, the military took samples at 43 sites to track the bacteria's spread, and found that it had quickly infested not only the city but surrounding suburbs as well. During the test, residents of these areas would have inhaled millions of bacterial spores...But there was a catch. At the time, the US military thought that Serratia couldn’t harm humans. The bug was mostly known for the red spots it produced on infested foods and had not been widely linked to clinical conditions. That changed when one week after the test, 11 local residents checked into a Stanford University Hospital complaining of urinary tract infections...One patient, a man named Edward Nevin who was recovering from prostate surgery, died, and some have suggested that the release forever changed the area's microbial ecology.
'Operation Delirium:' Psychochemicals And Cold War - Throughout the 1950s and '60s, at the now-crumbling Edgewood Arsenal by the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland, military doctors tested the effects of nerve gas, LSD and other drugs on 5,000 U.S. soldiers to gauge the effects on their brain and behavior.archive.org) (documentary: 
From 1963 to 1966, Saul Krugman of New York University promised the parents of mentally disabled children that their children would be enrolled into Willowbrook in exchange for signing a consent form for procedures that he claimed were vaccinations. In reality, the procedures involved deliberately infecting children with viral hepatitis by feeding them an extract made from the feces of patients infected with the disease 
Immediately after World War II, researchers at Vanderbilt University gave 829 pregnant mothers in Tennessee what they were told were vitamin drinks that would improve the health of their babies. The mixtures contained radioactive iron and the researchers were determining how fast the radioisotope crossed into the placenta. At least three children are known to have died from the experiments, from cancers and leukemia 
The Fernald School for the feeble minded was part of America's Eugenics movement, and the children there performed most manual labor, including cutting up the brains of mentally disabled people for scientific study. The boys were also given radioactive oatmeal in a study for Quaker Oats.
The Imperial Japanese Army's notorious medical research team carried out secret human experiments regarded as some of the worst war crimes in history. Its scientists subjected more than 10,000 people per year to grotesque Josef Mengele-style torture in the name of science, including captured Russian soldiers and downed American aircrews. The experiments included hanging people upside down until they choked, burying them alive, injecting air into their veins and placing them in high-pressure chambers.
Israel has admitted for the first time that it has been giving Ethiopian Jewish immigrants birth-control injections, often without their knowledge or consent. “They [medical staff] told us they are inoculations. We took it every three months. We said we didn’t want to.”
Guatemala syphilis experiment: American medical research project that lasted from 1946 to 1948 and is known for its unethical experimentation on vulnerable human populations in Guatemala. The Guatemala experiments remained a largely unknown event in U.S. medical history until the early 2000s. The total study population included more than 5,500 Guatemalan prisoners, sex workers, soldiers, children, and psychiatric patients, about one-quarter of whom were deliberately infected with syphilis, gonorrhea, or chancroid and all of whom were enrolled in the experiments without their consent. Among the most controversial methods used was “normal exposure,” in which sex workers infected with syphilis were used to transmit the disease to unsuspecting prisoners. Approximately 1,308 soldiers, prisoners, sex workers, and psychiatric patients, ranging from age 10 to 72, were intentionally exposed to STDs during the study. Syphilis exposure occurred through inoculation of the cervix in sex workers; through injection or direct sexual contact with infected sex workers in prisoners; and through injection, inoculation (via abrasion) of the penis, cisternal puncture (the insertion of a needle below the occipital bone at the back of the skull to access cerebrospinal fluid), or oral ingestion in psychiatric patients. Exposure to gonorrhea was carried out in sex workers through cervical inoculation and in Guatemalan soldiers through sexual contact with the sex workers and sometimes through urethral inoculation.
Tuskegee syphilis experiment an infamous clinical study conducted between 1932 and 1972 by the U.S. Public Health Service. The purpose of this study was to observe the natural progression of untreated syphilis in rural African-American men in Alabama under the guise of receiving free health care from the United States government. The Public Health Service started working on this study in 1932 in collaboration with Tuskegee University, a historically black college in Alabama. Investigators enrolled in the study a total of 622 impoverished, African-American sharecroppers from Macon County, Alabama. Of these men, 431 had previously contracted syphilis before the study began, and 169[3] did not have the disease. The men were given free medical care, meals, and free burial insurance for participating in the study. The men were told that the study was only going to last six months, but it actually lasted 40 years.[4] After funding for treatment was lost, the study was continued without informing the men that they would never be treated. None of the men infected were ever told that they had the disease, and none were treated with penicillin even after the antibiotic was proven to successfully treat syphilis. According to the Centers for Disease Control, the men were told that they were being treated for bad blood, a colloquialism that described various conditions such as syphilis, anemia, and fatigue. Bad blood—specifically the collection of illnesses the term included—was a leading cause of death within the southern African-American community.[4]
Israel harvested organs from dead Palestinians in the 90's without the consent of the families.



COINTELPRO:
COINTELPRO (1956–1971) was a series of covert, and at times illegal, projects conducted by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) aimed at surveilling, infiltrating, discrediting, and disrupting domestic political organizations. FBI records show that COINTELPRO resources targeted groups and individuals that the FBI deemed subversive, including feminist organizations, the Communist Party USA, anti–Vietnam War organizers, activists of the civil rights movement or Black Power movement (e.g. Martin Luther King Jr., the Nation of Islam, and the Black Panther Party), environmentalist and animal rights organizations, the American Indian Movement (AIM), independence movements (such as Puerto Rican independence groups like the Young Lords), and a variety of organizations that were part of the broader New Left. The program also targeted the Ku Klux Klan in 1964. According to Noam Chomsky, in another instance in San Diego, the FBI financed, armed, and controlled an extreme right-wing group of former members of the Minutemen anti-communist para-military organization, transforming it into a group called the Secret Army Organization that targeted groups, activists, and leaders involved in the Anti-War Movement, using both intimidation and violent acts. The FBI has used covert operations against domestic political groups since its inception; however, covert operations under the official COINTELPRO label took place between 1956 and 1971. COINTELPRO tactics are still used to this day, and have been alleged to include discrediting targets through psychological warfare; smearing individuals and groups using forged documents and by planting false reports in the media; harassment; wrongful imprisonment; and illegal violence, including assassination. The FBI's stated motivation was protecting national security, preventing violence, and maintaining the existing social and political order. Beginning in 1969, leaders of the Black Panther Party were targeted by the COINTELPRO and neutralized by being assassinated, imprisoned, publicly humiliated or falsely charged with crimes. Some of the Black Panthers affected included Fred Hampton, Mark Clark, Zayd Shakur, Geronimo Pratt, Mumia Abu-Jamal, and Marshall Conway. Common tactics used by COINTELPRO were perjury, witness harassment, witness intimidation, and withholding of evidence.Here's a documentary)
The Black Panther Coloring Book was an example of a psychological operation by the FBI to discredit the Black Panthers. They created and distributed a coloring book claiming to come from the Black panthers. It was a (somewhat effective) effort to discredit the Panthers as any sort of valid political movement and reinforce the opinion already held by a lot of white people at the time, that Huey P. Newton and his organization were psychotic militants who killed white people and cops indiscriminately.
Revealed: how the FBI coordinated the crackdown on Occupy - New documents show that the violent crackdown on Occupy last fall – so mystifying at the time – was not just coordinated at the level of the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, and local police. The crackdown, which involved, as you may recall, violent arrests, group disruption, canister missiles to the skulls of protesters, people held in handcuffs so tight they were injured, people held in bondage till they were forced to wet or soil themselves –was coordinated with the big banks themselves. The documents show a nationwide meta-plot unfolding in city after city: six American universities are sites where campus police funneled information about students involved with OWS to the FBI, with the administrations' knowledge (p51); banks sat down with FBI officials to pool information about OWS protesters harvested by private security; plans to crush Occupy events, planned for a month down the road, were made by the FBI – and offered to the representatives of the same organizations that the protests would target; and even threats of the assassination of OWS leaders by sniper fire – by whom? Where? – now remain redacted and undisclosed to those American citizens in danger, contrary to standard FBI practice to inform the person concerned when there is a threat against a political leader (p61). As Mara Verheyden-Hilliard, executive director of the PCJF, put it, the documents show that from the start, the FBI – though it acknowledges Occupy movement as being, in fact, a peaceful organization – nonetheless designated OWS repeatedly as a terrorist threat.
Inside the secret world of the corporate spies who infiltrate protests - Major firms hiring people from corporate security firms to monitor and infiltrate political groups that object to their commercial activities. The leaked documents suggest that corporate security firms frequently run espionage operations to gather information on protesters, including infiltrating private meetings and obtaining internal documents. However, they are subject to little or no regulation. This has attracted criticism from police, who have in the past called the deployment of corporate spies “completely uncontrolled and unrestrained”. Since 1968, the police have sent more than 140 undercover officers to spy on over 1,000 political groups. However, senior officers have claimed that there have been more corporate spies embedded in protest groups than police officers. Critics say the security firms are spying on law-abiding campaigners and impeding their democratic rights. The Guardian has spoken to a man who claimed that he had infiltrated political groups for a corporate espionage firm. He declined to give his name or say which groups he had spied on. He described how the spies surreptitiously fostered conflicts within a campaign to set activists against each other, in order to wear them down and make them lose their political motivation. “People get tired of it, that’s their weakness,” he said.
Undercover police officers who adopted fake identities in deployments lasting several years spied on more than 1,000 political groups, a judge-led public inquiry has said. It is the first time that the number of political groups infiltrated by the undercover spies over more than four decades has been made public. The list of groups that were infiltrated has not been published by the inquiry. However, it is known to include environmental, anti-racist and animal rights groups, leftwing parties and the far right.
A former Marine working for the private security firm TigerSwan infiltrated an array of anti-Dakota Access pipeline groups at Standing Rock and beyond.
Quebec provincial police admitted Thursday that three of their officers disguised themselves as demonstrators during the protest at the North American leaders summit in Montebello, Que. Police came under fire Tuesday, when a video surfaced on YouTube that appeared to show three plainclothes police officers at the protest with bandanas across their faces. One of the men was carrying a rock. In the video, protest organizers in suits order the men to put the rock down, call them police instigators and try unsuccessfully to unmask them. However, the police force denied allegations its undercover officers were there on Monday to provoke the crowd and instigate violence.
Political:
Operation Snow White was a criminal conspiracy by the Church of Scientology during the 1970s to purge unfavorable records about Scientology and its founder, L. Ron Hubbard. This project included a series of infiltrations into and thefts from 136 government agencies, foreign embassies and consulates, as well as private organizations critical of Scientology, carried out by Church members in more than 30 countries.[1] It was one of the largest infiltrations of the United States government in history,[2] with up to 5,000 covert agents.[3] This operation also exposed the Scientology plot 'Operation Freakout', because Operation Snow White was the case that initiated the U.S. government's investigation of the Church.[3]
Revealed: emails show Trump and appointees tried to craft a narrative that forest protection efforts are responsible for wildfires.
The Great Purge, also known as the “Great Terror,” was a brutal political campaign led by Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin to eliminate dissenting members of the Communist Party and anyone else he considered a threat. Although estimates vary, most experts believe at least 750,000 people were executed during the Great Purge, which took place between about 1936 and 1938. More than a million other people were sent to forced labor camps, known as Gulags. This ruthless and bloody operation caused rampant terror throughout the U.S.S.R. and impacted the country for many years. 
Between 1969 and 1973, the U.S. dropped half-a-million tons of bombs on Cambodia alone, killing at least 100,000 civilians. Given that Nixon had been elected on a promise to end the war in Vietnam, Kissinger believed that it wasn’t enough to place Menu in the category of 'top secret.' Absolute and total secrecy, especially from Congress, was a necessity. He had no doubt that Congress, crucial to the appropriation of funds needed to conduct specific military missions, would never approve a bombing campaign against a neutral country with which the United States wasn’t at war.
The Bush Administration used a psychological operation against the American public called the Pentagon Military Analyst Program to secretly spread pro-Government talking points through the media for years.
The CIA infiltrated the presidential campaign of Barry Goldwater on behalf of President Lyndon Johnson. They obtained copies of speeches and other material from the Goldwater campaign and gave them to President Johnson so he could respond to the points made before he read his speeches. CIA officer E. Howard Hunt was in charge of the spying operation. Hunt later retired from the CIA in 1970 and was hired by the White House in 1972 to lead a unit known as the Plumbers that was dedicated to plugging leaks within the Nixon administration, playing dirty tricks on Nixon’s opponents and obtaining political intelligence.
The Enterprise, a massive corporate/government network that conducted illegal international activities similar to the CIA (Documentary on this topic)
In its determination to secure a nuclear deal with Iran, the Obama administration derailed an ambitious law enforcement campaign targeting drug trafficking by the Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah, even as it was funneling cocaine into the United States, according to a POLITICO investigation.
Inside Hillary Clinton’s Secret Takeover of the DNC, by Donna Brazile. Per an agreement between the Clinton Campaign and the DNC: In exchange for raising money and investing in the DNC, Hillary would control the party’s finances, strategy, and all the money raised. Her campaign had the right of refusal of who would be the party communications director, and it would make final decisions on all the other staff. The DNC also was required to consult with the campaign about all other staffing, budgeting, data, analytics, and mailings.
Israeli Operatives Who Aided Harvey Weinstein Collected Information on Former Obama Administration Officials to undermine the Iran Nuclear Deal
Former state Rep. Oliver Robinson testified Tuesday that he accepted money to oppose federal environmental cleanup efforts in north Birmingham, telling jurors that in doing so that he felt like he sold out the people who had elected him. He is a key witness for prosecutors trying to prove that two attorneys with a prominent Alabama law firm and a coal company executive paid bribes to Robinson, in the form of a consulting contract, in the hopes of avoiding clean-up costs at a Birmingham Superfund site. Robinson, who pleaded guilty last year to bribery and tax evasion, said he felt that he had sold out the people who had elected him to the Alabama Statehouse, the station reported.
In its self-described pied piper strategy, the Clinton campaign proposed intentionally cultivating extreme right-wing presidential candidates, hoping to turn them into the new mainstream of the Republican Party in order to try to increase Clinton's chances of winning, telling the press to take Trump, Ben Carson, and Ted Cruz seriously, rather than marginalizing them.
The deliberate starvation of millions in Ukraine- In the spring of 1933, the Soviet Union was in the depths of a class war. Soviet leader Joseph Stalin had sent workers and communists from the cities to extract grain from the countryside. “We realized,” as one of them put it, “that it was impossible for us to live on the same earth as these bloodsuckers.” The suppression of private agriculture, combined with unreasonable requisitions, caused millions to die that year in the Soviet Union. As The Post’s Anne Applebaum reveals in “Red Famine,” Stalin and the Soviet leadership enforced policies that ensured that the disaster was worst in Ukraine. According to the latest work of demographers, some 3.9 million people died by starvation in that Soviet republic. Until the Holocaust, the great famine in Soviet Ukraine was the largest policy of mass killing in Europe in the 20th century.
A two-year corruption and international money-laundering investigation stretching from the Jersey Shore to Brooklyn to Israel and Switzerland culminated in charges against 44 people on Thursday, including three New Jersey mayors, two state assemblymen and five rabbis, the authorities said. It was replete with tales of the illegal sales of body parts; of furtive negotiations in diners, parking lots and boiler rooms; of nervous jokes about “patting down” a man who turned out to indeed be an informant; and, again and again, of the passing of cash — once in a box of Apple Jacks cereal stuffed with $97,000. “For these defendants, corruption was a way of life,” Ralph J. Marra Jr., the acting United States attorney in New Jersey, said at a news conference. “They existed in an ethics-free zone.” Mr. Marra said that average citizens “don’t have a chance” against the culture of influence peddling the investigation had unearthed.
MI5 agents are allowed to carry out criminal activity in the UK, the government has acknowledged for the first time. MI5 grants its informants legal cover to participate in crimes that may extend to murder, torture and sexual assaults, a tribunal has heard.
How secret renditions shed light on MI6's licence to kill and torture- Section 7 of the 1994 Intelligence Services Act offers protection not only to spies involved in bugging or bribery, but also to any who become embroiled in far more serious matters, such as murder, kidnap or torture – as long as their actions have been authorised in writing by a secretary of state.
In a major covert operation of the cold war, the Central Intelligence Agency spent millions of dollars to support the conservative party that dominated Japan's politics for a generation. The C.I.A. gave money to the Liberal Democratic Party and its members in the 1950's and the 1960's, to gather intelligence on Japan, make the country a bulwark against Communism in Asia and undermine the Japanese left, said retired intelligence officials and former diplomats.
A confidential trove of government documents obtained by The Washington Post reveals that senior U.S. officials failed to tell the truth about the war in Afghanistan throughout the 18-year campaign, making rosy pronouncements they knew to be false and hiding unmistakable evidence the war had become unwinnable.



Big Pharma:
Merck made a hit list of doctors who criticized Vioxx, according to testimony in a Vioxx class action case in Australia. The list, emailed between Merck employees, contained doctors' names with the labels neutralise, neutralised or discredit next to them. One email said: We may need to seek them out and destroy them where they live ...
The head of Food and Drug Administration’s opioid advisory team says officials are manipulating process to benefit big pharma. Since the 1990s, the FDA division responsible for opioid approvals relies on the drug industry for 75% of its budget, and FDA officials engage in 'pay to play' schemes.
The pharmaceutical group GlaxoSmithKline has been fined $3 billion after admitting to bribing doctors and encouraging the prescription of unsuitable antidepressants to children. Sales reps in the United States encouraged to mis-sell antidepressants Paxil and Wellbutrin and asthma treatment Advair.
The British former boss of GlaxoSmithKline in China will be deported back to the UK after pleading guilty to bribery-related charges and being handed a three-year suspended prison sentence. Mark Reilly had been barred from leaving China for the past year and accused of overseeing a 'criminal godfather' scheme to bribe doctors with £300m worth of cash and sex to prescribe GSK drugs.
Amid a targeted lobbying effort, pharmaceutical company lobbyists convinced Congress to weaken the DEA’s ability to go after prescription drug distributors, even as opioid-related deaths continue to rise, a Washington Post and ‘60 Minutes’ investigation finds.
The CEO of drug giant Insys Therapeutics bribed doctors to prescribe more opioids to patients who didn’t need them, according to federal authorities who arrested the executive after a raid... John Kapoor, the billionaire founder and CEO, led “a nationwide conspiracy to profit by using bribes and fraud to cause the illegal distribution of a fentanyl spray intended for cancer patients...
In Guilty Plea, OxyContin Maker to Pay $600 Million. The company that makes the narcotic painkiller OxyContin and three current and former executives pleaded guilty in federal court to criminal charges that they misled regulators, doctors and patients about the drug’s risk of addiction and its potential to be abused. Company sales officials were allowed to draw their own fake scientific charts which showed a lower addictive potential, which they then distributed to doctors.
Pharmaceutical giant Aspen plotted to destroy life-saving cancer medicines in order to drive prices up by 4,000%
Federal prosecutors have charged a New York doctor with accepting cash bribes and tickets to Justin Bieber and Katy Perry concerts from a New Jersey blood lab. Thirty-eight people have pleaded guilty in connection with the bribery scheme.
A 2009 letter sent anonymously by FDA staff to President Obama described systemic corruption and wrongdoing that permeates all levels of FDA.



False Flags
During Operation Fast and Furious, CBS News reports that officials wanted to use the suspicious sales of the weapons, encouraged by ATF against the judgement of some gun dealers, to influence gun legislation. In other words, the ATF was creating a problem and had a gun legislation solution lined up.
Operation Northwoods- A plan to create false flag acts of terrorism against US citizens in order to provoke support for a war against Cuba. (PDF of the actual document: 
The Lavon affair refers to an exposed Israeli covert operation, code named Operation Susannah, conducted in Egypt in the Summer of 1954. As part of the false flag operation, a group of Egyptian Jews were recruited by Israeli military intelligence and planted bombs inside Egyptian, American, and British-owned civilian targets, cinemas, libraries and American educational centers. The operation ultimately became known as the Lavon affair after the Israeli defense minister Pinhas Lavon was forced to resign as a consequence of the incident. Israel publicly denied any involvement in the incident for 51 years; however, the surviving agents were officially honored in 2005, being awarded certificates of appreciation by Israeli President Moshe Katsav.
Russia's parliament has declared that Joseph Stalin ordered his secret police to execute 22,000 Polish army officers and civilians in 1940, in one of the greatest mass murders of the 20th century. Mikhail Gorbachev admitted in 1990 that the NKVD was to blame for the massacre, after a half-century of the Soviets blaming it on Nazi troops.
2003 extremely sensitive memo between President Bush and Blair on provoking war with Iraq: The president raised three possible ways of provoking a confrontation. The U.S. was thinking of flying U2 reconnaissance aircraft with fighter cover over Iraq, painted in U.N. colours, the memo says, attributing the idea to Mr. Bush. If Saddam fired on them, he would be in breach. It also described the president as saying, The U.S. might be able to bring out a defector who could give a public presentation about Saddam's W.M.D.
On 4 April 1953, the CIA was ordered to undermine the government of Iran over a four-month period, as a precursor to overthrowing Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh. One tactic they used to undermine Mosaddegh was carrying out false flag attacks on mosques and key public figures, and blamed them on Iranian communists loyal to the government. After this operation, which was used to control Iran's oil supply, Iran was one of the US's closest allies until 1979 when they lost control. 
Britain blew up humanitarian flotillas after the Holocaust ... A new book uncovers shocking secret attacks launched on ships bearing Holocaust survivors en route to Israel. Andrew Roberts on the violent lengths to which post-war Britain went to appease oil-rich Arab states. MI6: The History of the Secret Intelligence Service 1909-1949, by the distinguished British historian Keith Jeffery, reveals the existence of Operation Embarrass, a plan to try to prevent Jews getting into Palestine in 1946-'48 using disinformation and propaganda but also explosive devices placed on ships. Nor is this some speculative spy story that can be denied by the authorities: Dr. Jeffrey’s book is actually, in their own words: 'Published with the permission of The Secret Intelligence Service and the Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office.' During the summer of 1947 and early 1948, five attacks were undertaken on ships in Italian ports, of which one was rendered “a total loss” and two others were damaged. Two other British-made limpet mines were discovered before they went off, but the Italian authorities did not find their country of origin suspicious, “as the Arabs would of course be using British stores.” Operation Embarrass even considered blowing up the Baltimore steamship President Warfield when in harbor in France, which later became famous in Israeli history as the “Exodus” ship that “launched a nation.”
In 1985, the French foreign intelligence services bombed and sank a Greenpeace ship and blamed it on terrorists. The French government wanted to prevent the ship from interfering with a planned nuclear test. One crew member died. 
The Bay of Pigs Invasion 
Nearly 50 years before the war in Iraq, Britain and America sought a secretive regime change in another Arab country they accused of spreading terror and threatening the west's oil supplies, by planning the invasion of Syria and the assassination of leading figures. Newly discovered documents show how in 1957 Harold Macmillan and President Dwight Eisenhower approved a CIA-MI6 plan to stage fake border incidents as an excuse for an invasion by Syria's pro-western neighbours, and then to eliminate the most influential triumvirate in Damascus.
Japanese troops staged a bombing of their own railway by placing explosives near the train tracks. Even though the explosion did minimal damage and a train managed to pass the damaged section soon thereafter, this 'attack' was blamed on the Chinese and used as a pretext to invade and pacify Manchuria. This was the beginning of the Fifteen Year War (1931-45), a Japanese-instigated conflagration that caused widespread regional devastation. China suffered the brunt of that mayhem, which is why this day has become engraved in the collective memory as a trauma inflicted by Japan.
The Anti-Muslim bombings in Paris, Cannes and Nice were a series of three terror bombings carried out by anti-Muslim extremists in French cities in the 1970s and 1980s. The bombers posed as an extremist Zionist group, calling themselves the Masada Action and Defense Movement, and leaving anti-Islam leaflets bearing Stars of David at the scene of one of the 1988 bombings.[3] The Zionist moniker ended up being a false flag and in 1989, 18 members of the neo-Nazi French and European Nationalist Party were arrested for the bombings,[6] which had been intended to provoke tensions between Arabs and Jews in France.
Operation Himmler (less often known as Operation Konserve or Operation Canned Goods) was a 1939 false flag project planned by Nazi Germany to create the appearance of Polish aggression against Germany, which was subsequently used by the Nazis to justify the invasion of Poland. This included staging false attacks on themselves using innocent people or concentration camp prisoners.



Water quality and environmental contamination:
NYC fudged records to show day care centers’ water was tested for lead, but no tests were performed. DOHMH — the agency that's required to inspect all 11,000 child care centers in New York City annually — had more or less given up on the task.
5,300 U.S. water systems are in violation of lead rules
US authorities distorting tests to downplay lead content of water
Records analyzed by The New York Times indicate that the Clean Water Act has been violated more than 506,000 times since 2004, by more than 23,000 companies and other facilities, according to reports submitted by polluters themselves.
Chicago Tribune: 11,000 Crestwood, Illinois residents were knowingly given tapwater contaminated with cancer-causing chemicals for 40 years. Federal agents raided Crestwood's village hall, their Department of Public Works building, and the police department.  , 
Mafia, toxic waste and a deadly cover up in an Italian paradise: 'They've poisoned our land and stolen our children'



The Government's influence in TV shows and movies:
Washington DC’s role behind the scenes in Hollywood goes deeper than you think. On television, we found more than 1,100 titles received Pentagon backing – 900 of them since 2005, from ‘Flight 93’ to ‘Ice Road Truckers’ and ‘Army Wives.' Between 1911 and 2017, more than 800 feature films received support from the US Government’s Department of Defence (DoD), a significantly higher figure than previous estimates indicate. These included blockbuster franchises such as Transformers, Iron Man, and The Terminator.
All these people that run studios - they go to Washington, they hang around with senators, they hang around with CIA directors, and everybody's on board.
Over the decades, the relationship between Hollywood and the military has served the needs of both sides: Filmmakers gain access to equipment, locations, personnel and information that lend their productions authenticity, while the armed forces get some measure of control over how they're depicted. That's important not just for recruiting but also for guiding the behavior of current troops and appealing to the U.S. taxpayers who foot the bills. National CineMedia, which sells ads in movie theaters, paired the Army and 20th Century Fox for a marketing campaign designed to reach potential recruits. The campaign intercut footage from the Fox superhero movie X-Men: First Class with images of real soldiers as a voice-over intoned, Heroes — ordinary people who discover they can do extraordinary things. The spots played in cinemas, and exit polls of 17- to 24-year-olds leaving the movie theater found that those who saw the ad were 25% more likely to say they would consider joining the Army.
How the CIA Helped Make “Zero Dark Thirty” - Behind the scenes, the CIA secretly worked with the filmmakers, and the movie portrayed the agency’s controversial “enhanced interrogation techniques” — widely described as torture — as a key to uncovering information that led to the finding and killing of bin Laden... but the massive Senate torture report released in December 2014 found that the program was brutal, mismanaged and — most importantly — didn’t work.



Banking:
Everything Is Rigged: The Biggest Price-Fixing Scandal Ever
The US government decided not to pursue criminal charges against HSBC for allowing terrorists and drug dealers to launder millions of dollars after George Osborne and the UK banking regulator intervened to warn that prosecuting Britain’s biggest bank could lead to a “global financial disaster... The House financial services committee report said the UK interventions “played a significant role in ultimately persuading the DoJ [Department of Justice] not to prosecute HSBC”. Instead of pursuing a prosecution, the bank agreed to pay a record $1.92bn (£1.4bn) fine.
Banks globally have paid $321 billion in fines since 2008 for an abundance of regulatory failings from money laundering to market manipulation and terrorist financing, according to data from Boston Consulting Group.
Big Banks Paid $110 Billion in Mortgage-Related Fines. Where Did the Money Go? The largest U.S. banks were penalized for their role in inflating a mortgage bubble that helped cause the financial crisis.
Deutsche Bank Fined in Plan to Help Russians Launder $10 Billion. Deutsche Bank agreed on Monday to pay a $425 million fine to New York State’s main financial regulator to settle charges that it helped Russian investors launder as much as $10 billion through its branches in Moscow, London and New York. The punishment represents the latest regulatory black eye for Deutsche Bank, Germany’s largest. In the last decade, it has been implicated in several financial scandals, including pushing toxic mortgages on investors and manipulating London’s main lending rate for its own financial gain.
Citing chat room messages like these, replete with typos, jargon and vulgarities, United States, British and Swiss regulators on Wednesday fined some of the world’s biggest banks a combined $4.25 billion, accusing them of conspiring to manipulate the foreign currency markets. The fines pose no risk to the health of the banks that settled — UBS, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, HSBC and the Royal Bank of Scotland — nor were any traders or executives charged with wrongdoing. And yet the settlements on Wednesday closed only the first chapter of what is shaping up to be a more damaging story for the banks.
Libor Scandal: 
Citicorp (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Barclays (BCS) and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) agreed to pay more than $5 billion for conspiring to fix the price of U.S. dollars and euros, the Justice Department said Wednesday.
Wachovia bank paid out a fine less than 2% of the bank's $12.3bn profit for 2009 for laundering money for drug cartels
HSBC pays out 1.9 Billion dollar fine for laundering money for drug cartels. Obviously, $1.9 billion is a very large number, but it's very manageable without affecting HSBC's bottom line, said Ian Gordon, head of bank research for Investec Securities in London. It's clearly within market expectations.
The US department of justice said HSBC had moved $881m for two drug cartels in Mexico and Colombia and accepted $15bn in unexplained bulk cash, across the bank's counters in Mexico, Russia and other countries. In some branches the boxes of cash being deposited were so big the tellers' windows had to be enlarged.



Surveillance:
How America Spies on Europe and the UN. President Obama promised that NSA surveillance activities were aimed exclusively at preventing terrorist attacks. But secret documents from the intelligence agency show that the Americans spy on Europe, the UN and other countries.  Page 1: ( Page 2: (
Four Central Intelligence Agency officers were embedded with the New York Police Department in the decade after Sept. 11, 2001, including one official who helped conduct surveillance operations in the United States, according to a newly disclosed C.I.A. inspector general’s report. That officer believed there were “no limitations” on his activities, the report said, because he was on an unpaid leave of absence, and thus exempt from the prohibition against domestic spying by members of the C.I.A. Another embedded C.I.A. analyst — who was on its payroll — said he was given 'unfiltered' police reports that included information unrelated to foreign intelligence, the C.I.A. report said.
The C.I.A. monitoring of journalists in 1963, 1971 and 1972, including wiretapping their phones and setting up observation posts across the street from their offices to track their comings and goings and their visitors, was a practice that the White House itself employed during the Nixon administration.
Operation Chaos, Project Merrimac, and Project Resistance were three related CIA domestic spying programs. The purpose of 'Chaos' was to amass files on Americans suspected of being domestic dissidents and look into any foreign influence on leftist movements. Under Merrimac, CIA agents infiltrated peace groups and black activist groups with the aim of anticipating attacks on the agency itself. The aim of project Resistance was to compile information on radical groups that might target CIA activities or assets. The program compiled information from around the country, but specifically targeted college campuses in its search for radical elements. The CIA obtained additional information from local police, and campus officials.
Harvey Weinstein’s Army of Spies. The film executive hired private investigators, including ex-Mossad agents, to track actresses and journalists. 
CBS 60 Minutes: The top secret surveillance network is called Eschelon. (13 minutes, reported by CBS prior to 9/11) 
NSA 'offers intelligence to British counterparts to skirt UK law'
NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel
Britain's GCHQ intelligence agency can spy on anyone but British nationals, the NSA can conduct surveillance on anyone but Americans, and Germany's BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst) foreign intelligence agency can spy on anyone but Germans. That's how a matrix is created of boundless surveillance in which each partner aids in a division of roles.
US government built secret iPod with Apple’s help, former engineer says- iPod engineer says only four people inside Apple knew of project.
Inside the secret world of the corporate spies who infiltrate protests 
Wal-Mart hired Lockheed Martin to monitor union organizing among their employees.
Cops scan social media to help assess your ‘threat rating’ 



Science Whistleblowers and information about little-known problems in science:
Scientific American: How Pharma-Funded Research Cherry-Picks Positive Results 
Richard Horton, editor in chief of The Lancet, recently wrote: “Much of the scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue. Afflicted by studies with small sample sizes, tiny effects, invalid exploratory analyses, and flagrant conflicts of interest, together with an obsession for pursuing fashionable trends of dubious importance, science has taken a turn towards darkness. As one participant put it, “poor methods get results”. 
In 2009, Dr. Marcia Angell of the New England Journal of Medicine wrote: “It is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published, or to rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines. I take no pleasure in this conclusion, which I reached slowly and reluctantly over my two decades as an editor of The New England Journal of Medicine.” 
I can't tell you exactly what percentage of the trials are flawed, but I think the problem is far bigger than you imagine, and getting worse...it is so easy to manipulate data, conceal it or fabricate it...there is almost a code of silence not to speak about it. -Whistleblower Dr. Peter Wilmshurst 
Silencing the Scientist: Tyrone Hayes on Being Targeted by Herbicide Firm Syngenta 
Back in the 1960s, a sugar industry executive wrote fat checks to a group of Harvard researchers so that they’d downplay the links between sugar and heart disease in a prominent medical journal—and the researchers did it, according to historical documents reported in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine. One of those Harvard researchers went on to become the head of nutrition at the United States Department of Agriculture, where he set the stage for the federal government’s current dietary guidelines. All in all, the corrupted researchers and skewed scientific literature successfully helped draw attention away from the health risks of sweets and shift the blame solely to fats—for nearly five decades. The low-fat, high-sugar diets that health experts subsequently encouraged are now seen as a main driver of the current obesity epidemic. 
Scientific American: How the FDA and other scientific institutions manipulate the media using close-hold embargoes and other shady tactics 



Unidentified Flying Objects:
Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, who was the first Director of the CIA and on the Board of governors for NICAP, said in a letter to Congress: Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense. To hide the facts, the Air Force has silenced its personnel. - Full NY Times article:  Paywalled article:  ... Wiki:
Numerous government agencies secretly take UFOs seriously, and have even spied on UFO organizations and individuals- New York Times, 1979: Though officials have long denied that they take ‘flying saucers’ seriously, declassified documents now reveal extensive Government concern over the phenomenon... While official interest in U.F.O.'s has long been thought to be strictly the concern of the Air Force, the bulk of whose records has been open to public view for nearly a decade, the recently released papers on U.F.O.'s indicate otherwise. The Departments of the Army, Navy, State and Defense, and the Defense Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the F.B.I., the C.I.A. and even the Atomic Energy Commission produced U.F.O. records over the years. Many of these agencies still do, and many of their documents remain classified... As the cold war gave rise to the fears of the McCarthy era, official concern over U.F.O.'s even led to the surveillance of several private U.F.O. organizations (as many of their members have long insisted) and to the scrutiny of dozens of individuals suspected of subversive U.F.O. activities. Perhaps most telling of all, the Government documents on U.F.O.'s reveal that despite official denials to the contrary, Federal agencies continue to monitor the phenomenon to this day.
CIA's plan to use propaganda against American citizens to ridicule the UFO subject and reduce public interest in the phenomenon: After a closed-door session with a scientific advisory panel chaired by H.P. Robertson from the California Institute of Technology, the C.I.A. issued a secret report recommending a broad educational program for all intelligence agencies, with the aim of “training and debunking.” Training meant more public education on how to identify known objects in the sky. “The use of true cases showing first the ‘mystery’ and then the ‘explanation’ would be forceful,” the report said. Debunking “would be accomplished by mass media such as television, motion pictures, and popular articles.” That plan involved using psychologists, advertising experts, amateur astronomers and even Disney cartoons to create propaganda to reduce public interest. And civilian U.F.O. groups should be “watched,” the report stated, because of their “great influence on mass thinking if widespread sightings should occur.” The Robertson Panel Report was classified until 1975, five years after Blue Book was shut down. But its legacy endures in the aura of ridicule surrounding U.F.O. reports, inhibiting scientific progress... When Blue Book closed in late 1969, the Air Force flatly lied to the American people, issuing a fact sheet claiming that no U.F.O. had ever been a threat to national security; that U.F.O.s did not represent “technological developments or principles beyond the range of present day scientific knowledge”; and that there was no evidence that they were 'extraterrestrial vehicles.'
The Bolender Memo: Declassified document proves the government continued to study the UFO phenomenon after project Blue Book was officially canceled in 1970. Their claim to no longer be interested in UFOs is therefore proven false. The document shows that the government secretly collected and studied any UFO reports that may affect national security. Those reports went into a separate system from the public Blue Book project, and that system continued to exist after Blue Book was canceled. Declassified document: 
Miscellaneous:
The 1984 Rajneeshee bioterror attack was the food poisoning of 751 individuals in The Dalles, Oregon, through the deliberate contamination of salad bars at ten local restaurants with Salmonella. A leading group of followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh (later known as Osho) called Rajneeshees had hoped to incapacitate the voting population of the city so that their own candidates would win the 1984 Wasco County elections.[2] The incident was the first and single largest bioterrorist attack in United States history 
Protesters who demanded Huawei CFO's release revealed to be paid actors.
EPA officials were aware of the severity of danger at Ground Zero in contrast to their public statements at the time. NYC allowed people to return after the collapse of the towers because the mayor's office was under pressure from business owners to open more of the red zone. 
Hollywood actresses Felicity Huffman, Lori Loughlin and a slew of chief executives are among 50 wealthy people charged in the largest college cheating scam ever prosecuted by the U.S. Department of Justice, federal officials said Tuesday. Those indicted in the investigation dubbed 'Varsity Blues' allegedly paid bribes of up to $6 million to get their children into elite colleges, including Yale, Stanford, Georgetown and the University of Southern California, federal prosecutors said.
The National Football League improperly tried to influence a government research center that was studying the connection between concussions and brain disease, according to a new congressional report released Monday.
A suppressed report reveals that some of Britain's most respected industries, including law firms, telecoms giants and insurance companies routinely hire criminals to steal rivals' information. 
Volkswagen systematically cheated on U.S. air pollution tests as part of their Clean Diesel Scheme by dynamically modifying car performance with software that turns on full pollution controls only during official testing, a scheme that is set to cost them $18bn 
A government-controlled industry group targeted popular food bloggers, major publications and a celebrity chef as part of its sweeping effort to combat a perceived threat from an egg-replacement startup backed by some of Silicon Valley’s biggest names. 
The forgotten history of how automakers invented the crime of jaywalking 
Government and Corporate control of social media, spreading propaganda and advertising disguised as average people. 
In 1992, Dateline N.B.C issued an on-air apology for airing a story that claimed a GM truck burst into flames after a side-impact crash. Investigators found the truck in a junkyard and discovered an incendiary device to cause the flame. The Newsdivision president resigned and 3 producers fired. 
Child abuse documentary Hollywood 'didn't want you to see' goes viral 
Operation Paperclip 
Operation Mockingbird -Footage of hearings from the 70s [3:12]: 
CIA Files Prove America Helped Saddam as He Gassed Iran 
On the Russian news outlet RT, any direct criticism or questioning of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin or President Dmitry Medvedev is strictly prohibited. 
Tulsa Race Riot - On May 31 and June 1, 1921, a white mob started the Tulsa race riot, attacking residents and businesses of the African-American community of Greenwood in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in what is considered one of the worst incidents of racial violence in United States history. The attack, carried out on the ground and by air, destroyed more than 35 blocks of the district, at the time the wealthiest black community in the nation. More than 800 people were admitted to hospitals and more than 6,000 black residents were arrested and detained, many for several days. The Oklahoma Bureau of Vital Statistics officially recorded 39 dead, but the American Red Cross estimated 300, a number supported by historians since then. 



Project 112 
A division of the pharmaceutical company Bayer sold millions of dollars of blood-clotting medicine for hemophiliacs -- medicine that carried a high risk of transmitting AIDS -- to Asia and Latin America in the mid-1980's while selling a new, safer product in the West. 
CIA heart attack gun that uses a frozen dart that dissolves in the body.  The toxin was undetectable in autopsies.
The girl, whose testimony helped build support for the Persian Gulf war, was identified only as Nayirah, supposedly to protect family members still in Kuwait. Another piece of information was also withheld: that she is not just some Kuwaiti but the daughter of the Kuwaiti Ambassador to the U.S. How did the girl's testimony come about? It was arranged by the big public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton on behalf of a client, the Kuwaiti-sponsored Citizens for a Free Kuwait, which was then pressing Congress for military intervention. Mr. Lantos knew the girl's identity but concealed it from the public and from the other caucus co-chairman, Representative John E. Porter of Illinois. 
1985 - Police drop bomb on radicals' home in Philidephia. The fire spread to 50 to 60 other houses in the neighborhood. Steve Harmon, a resident of the area, said: ''Drop a bomb on a residential area? I never in my life heard of that. It's like Vietnam.'' 
Overthrow of the democratically-elected leader of Iran for BP Oil in 1953. 
Overthrow of the democratically-elected leader of Guatemala for the United Fruit company (now Chiquita) in 1954 
Jan. 17, 1893 | Hawaiian Monarchy Overthrown by America-Backed Businessmen 
The little-told story of how the U.S. government poisoned alcohol during Prohibition with deadly consequences. 
Widespread illegal adoptions in Ireland: “This was a crime against these people and their mothers. Mothers who were told that their babies had died. Established cases were registered by St Patrick’s Guild adoption society between 1946 and 1969. The youngest person affected is 49 and the oldest is 72. 